remove mp_read_option_raw (#12432)
mpv-player/mpv: DOCS/man/options.rst

Disc Devices
------------

``--cdda-device=<path>``

>     Specify the CD-ROM device (default: ``/dev/cdrom``).

Reviewer: not sure what the most accurate terminology is here
```suggestion
    Specify the CD device for CDDA playback (default: ``/dev/cdrom``).
```

Author: Sounds good to me.
